and 60 minutes and start and we'll be
back you will see what it looks like
there's a little bug that when you're
buying your beef you want it to have a
little bit of marbling in there what
that means is you want to have fat in
between your meat this isn't a little
much but here's some right here through
here that's the fat that is actually
going to give your beef a lot of flavor
this is a beef chuck schultz shoulder
this is what we're cooking today see the
marbling just a little bit of fat okay
we're back so I let it cook for 60
minutes and then I checked it now
remember since mine is beef and not for
I can have it medium-rare raw well done
however I like it so I checked it i like
it a little bit more cook so I put it on
another 30 minutes so total I did 90
minutes for my beef let's check I just
hit the exhaust the air is already out
oh that looks good the onions and the
garlic floated to the top okay let's see
if we can pull up see how when I lift it
up it's already coming apart by itself
that's what it's called pulled pork but
we made a pulled beef so what I'm going
to do right now is I'm just going to
simply take the meat out all of the meat
and I'm going to set it on this board
then I'm going to drain whatever liquids
are in here and I'll see you in a second
it's still warm in the pot still hot
that's okay and as you can see i pulled
some fat off to the side very easy to
pull because if you want it in a
sandwich you don't want too much fit
just a little bit some of the places
back into a pressure cooker who it's
still hot
okay then I'm going to add this one is
head country I got this at walmart for
dollar we're going to start off with one
cup okay and I love seasoning I'm going
to add a little bit more tummies you can
add more salt more pepper whatever it is
that you like I'm going to give this a
good mix you can either turn your
crock-pot off or put it on something
light like a soup or stew
so I kept my pressure cooker on but not
cooking I put though I'm like a simmer
kind of like a soup because I don't want
it to keep cooking but if you're making
pork I guess it doesn't really matter
because you can never have your pork to
cook but mine is beef and I like mine a
little medium well so that was one cup
i'm going to have one more cup again if
it is pork you definitely want to make
sure your porks cooked i recommend and a
pressure cooker 90 minutes at least
that's good hey Lina stir again okay I'm
just going to keep tearing apart don't
forget don't use a fork in this you
don't want to scrape it up scrape up
your pressure cooker your crock-pot
whichever you choose to use I don't know
the settings for your crock-pot so you
might want to look that up you smell
that over here now if you have some
picky eaters like my sister before you
put your meat back in your pot cut a
half piece or a couple of sandwiches to
the side without any barbecue it's just
as good okay i think for good here does
that look good mmm looks great and I
think I've got it chopped up just too
good enough
and if you want to save you juice to
make a gravy for your next roast that I
will show you how to do make sure before
you freeze it that it's completely
cooled it's not it'll spoil let's put a
little bit on here God it looks good
mm-hmm a big piece in there oh yeah
there we go big piece for a big girl all
right how does that look huh pretty good
now I have these little fries if I could
choose I would do the big tater logs big
big logs not the little wimpy fries or
without the french fries my first choice
would have been coleslaw not cole slaw
on the side put the coleslaw right on
top of the beef let's give it a try
mmm mmm oh it's perfect hmm and it's not
good and let's just dripping that's when
you know it's perfect the only thing I
could possibly add to this so okay guys
that's how I made my barbecue beef roast
sandwich let me know what you think and
let me know if there's any other things
that you'd like for me to try to cook
for you thanks for watching